Transfer conceptual docs in storybook (#3180)
Azure/communication-ui-library: packages/storybook/stories/Transfer.stories.mdx

import { Meta, Source } from '@storybook/addon-docs';
import { DetailedBetaBanner } from './BetaBanners/DetailedBetaBanner';

import { TransferSnippet } from './snippets/transfer/Transfer.snippet';
import { TransferWithDialogPromptSnippet } from './snippets/transfer/TransferWithDialogPrompt.snippet';
import TransferSnippetText from '!!raw-loader!./snippets/transfer/Transfer.snippet.tsx';
import TransferWithDialogPromptSnippetText from '!!raw-loader!./snippets/transfer/TransferWithDialogPrompt.snippet.tsx';

<Meta
  id="transfer"
  title="Concepts/Transfer"
  parameters={{ previewTabs: { canvas: { disable: true, hidden: true } } }}
/>

# Transfer

<DetailedBetaBanner version={'1.5.2-beta.1'} />

During an active call, participants can transfer another participant to another user or number. The transfer process

> starts when one participant requests a transfer to the another participant which they can accept or reject. In the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
starts when one participant requests a transfer to another participant where they can accept or reject the call. In the
```

current beta version, ACS users cannot request to transfer other participants yet but they can receive transfer
requests. Right now only Teams users can request to transfer other participants.

A call with a Teams user can be made by using the `CallParticipantsLocator` as the locator
in the [AzureCommunicationCallAdapterArgs](./?path=/docs/composite-adapters--page#azurecommunicationcalladapterargs)
when using the [useAzureCommunicationCallAdapter](./?path=/docs/composite-adapters--page#useazurecommunicationcalladapter)
function to create your [CallAdapter](path=/docs/composite-adapters--page#call-adapter).
In the current beta version, only one Teams user can be called.

> The id of a Teams user can be obtained by using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The id of a Teams user can be obtained by using
```

> [Microsoft Graph Explorer](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/graph-explorer).

Reviewer 2: Is there not documentation that we can link out to here?

Reviewer 2: I also thought you were going more in depth here so happy to resolve this. linking out to this I think is correct

From there, sign in by clicking the circled button as shown below with a Microsoft account in the same tenant as the
Teams user you want to call.

<img style={{ width: 'auto', height: 'auto' }} src="images/graph-api-sign-in.png" />

Then create a GET request using v1.0 of the users API like shown below:

<img style={{ width: 'auto', height: 'auto' }} src="images/graph-api-get-user-id-api-request.png" />

> The id should be in the API response like highlighted in the example shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The id should be in the API response as seen in the example below:
```

<img style={{ width: 'auto', height: 'auto' }} src="images/graph-api-id-highlighted.png" />

## Handling transfer requests

The [CallAdapter](path=/docs/composite-adapters--page#call-adapter) is able to receive `transferRequest` events and
allows you to handle these events by defining your own `TransferRequestedListener` callback. The following code snippet
shows an example of a `TransferRequestedListener` that accepts all events.

<Source code={TransferSnippetText} />

The `afterCallAdapterCreate` callback in the above snippet can be modified to handle the transfer request such that audio
and video states from the original call are maintained after transfer.

> ```

Reviewer 2: nit: lets add some syntax highlighting
```suggestion
```typescript
```
